[AUDIO LOGO]
>> I'm Sarah Elkhaldy, and
this is Mystery Teachings.
What if there was an ancient
secret process within your body
that could awaken
your highest potential
and transform every
aspect of your life?
A mystical substance
known across civilizations
as the sacred
secretion, holds the key
to unlocking spiritual power
through an alchemical journey
within your own being.
Could this be the missing link
to your spiritual evolution?
We get the name sacred
secretion through
the esoteric Christian
work of George Carey.
But this process has been
known by many different names
and through both Eastern and
Western branches of mysticism,
so this practice is across
all ancient civilizations.
This secretion has been known
in Vedic terminology as soma.
But in alchemical
terminology, it also
goes by the coded name Prima
Materia and Green Lion.
This is also the
same substance that's
being referred to in
the Alchemical Wedding.
In Western civilization,
this took on the term
as the Christed oil,
the anointed oil that
is created in small secretions
within the claustrum
of our midbrain.
And that's what in hermeticism
the emerald tablet is actually
referring to.
It's the descent of this Prima
Materia down our spinal column
into the sacral chakra.
When we're talking about
the sacred secretion,
this is something that
is hidden, even embedded,
within plain sight
through exoteric knowledge
versus esoteric knowledge.
So it is the difference
between exoteric knowledge
and esoteric knowledge.
Exoteric knowledge is
exactly what it sounds like.
It is an exoskeleton.
It is an outer layer.
While esoteric knowledge
is the inner layer.
It merely requires a little
bit more depth in our ability
to comprehend and
to truly understand
any knowledge or any concept.
And when this is done,
now we're getting
into the esoteric layers.
So the sacred secretion
is the esoteric wisdom
of how to embody and
awaken our higher self.
So let's break down all of
the stages of this process
before we get into the practices
that will transmute it.
The claustrum secretes oil.
It gets transported and
divided by the thalamus
into our endocrine system
through the pineal gland
and the pituitary
gland's channels.
The pineal gland's
channels are secreting
the hormones DMT and melatonin.
And these are golden,
honey-colored secretions
which are both known for
their regenerative, antiaging,
and antioxidant properties.
The pituitary gland's channels
are secreting clear-coated,
milkish even, secretions of
vasopressin and oxytocin,
which then descend and meet up
with the DMT and the melatonin
at the base of the skull.
This is what the milk and
honey is actually referring to,
this land where it
becomes purified
and even more
amplified in its power.
These secretions
continue to descend
through the cerebrospinal
fluid, down the spinal column,
and make their way to the heart
center where they are amplified,
and then continue to
travel all the way down
to the sacral chakra.
Here is where the alchemical
transmutation starts to begin.
It's here inside the
solar plexus region
that now we are looking at this
sacred secretion as the seeds.
And these seeds are meant to be
nourished, purified, alchemized,
and transmuted.
This alchemy that takes place
inside the sacral chakra
was also known in
ancient yogic traditions
through the water
element and the fire
element of soma and agni.
Soma corresponds to
the etheric substance.
This is the actual
anointed secretions.
While agni corresponds
to the fire element.
According to alchemical lore,
we all contain dormant fire
within our bodily tissue,
and that is really
what this agni or
fire element is.
It is our own hidden ability
to activate and transmute
this sacred fluid through
our own physiological
and spiritual process.
This is the transformative
element that
meets inside the sacral chakra.
This is the whole
part now that requires
our participation and our
practice in order to ignite it.
And how we do that is through
breathwork practices that
are all heart-based
and all ones that
are very located in activating
through the fire and air
elements within
the sacral chakra.
And it doesn't only have
to be breathwork practices.
I really want to
emphasize here now
our own conscious and
unique participation
within this process.
We can fast during it,
or we can make sure
that we stay away from really
low-grade-quality foods
and low-grade-quality
information and media.
There are so many
different ways that we
would be able to
activate and participate
with this alchemical
process that's taking place,
but it's going to need to be
intentional and personalized.
It's very important
during this whole process
that while we're having
the sacred fluid descend
into the sacral chakra,
we create a closed circuit
from the tip of
our tongue, and we
place it all the way
to the soft palate
in the back of the
roof of our mouth
because this is what closes
that energetic circuit
and becomes the etherization.
It becomes that fire
element's capacity
through that closed
circuit to then transmute
the sacred fluid into the
secretion and into the seeds.
Obviously, that's not for
if you're going to bed
or if you're doing something
that's very functional,
but it's something to keep
in mind the whole time.
Now that we have
these seeds, which
is at this point
known as the chrism,
this chrism goes on
its ascent pathway
through the spinal column and
through the cerebral spinal
fluid, back, and it once again
reaches the heart center.
It is once again purified.
It is purified now through a
more mystical and even more
esoteric version
of the heart center
because now, the heart center is
acting as an alchemical furnace.
So once we've participated
in the descent
and the transmutation of this
seed in our sacral chakra,
we have now activated an
even deeper and more potent
layer of this
alchemical furnace.
And this is done mainly through
opening and expanding our heart
center into a more ecstatic,
more compassionate, and a more
empathic state.
And this is why
people experience
a lot of positive and
even elevated mood states
while they're doing
this practice.
It's because the
heart center is now
being used as a
furnace to activate it,
even at a more deeper
and purified level
as it ascends back to
the base of the skull.
The esoteric meaning
of resurrection
is to raise this sacred oil
from the base consciousness
within the sacrum,
up the spinal cord,
and into heaven,
which is the head.
Once this chrism reaches
the base of the skull,
it is now at the location
of crucification,
known as calvary in Latin
or as golgotha in Aramaic.
But the esoteric meaning of
crucification is not to torture.
It is to amplify the
potency of this oil
by fixing it here for two
and a half days where it
gestates before it is reborn.
This is what it really
means to be born again.
So this process of
descent and ascent
of this anointed oil into a
more glorified and more purified
form, this is its
esoteric meaning.
In exoteric terminology,
this is also
known as the Christian tale of
the ascent and descent of Jesus.
I want to pull you in deeper
so that we can actually
see that this process we
all hold the capability of.
This is an alchemy
that each one of us
contain if we're
truly looking at this
through the esoteric sphere.
After this anointed
oil has been crucified
at the base of
the skull, it then
makes its way to
the crown center
or the optic thalamus,
which is known
as the lights of the world.
And it is here
where we see it now
go one step further
to the pineal gland.
And this is where the higher
self and the lower self merge.
Once it's at the
pineal gland, it
has full regenerative
properties,
and these regenerative
properties
are meant to materialize spirit.
This is the true work
of the sacred secretion.
It is a regenerative process.
And the regeneration is done
through spiritualizing matter,
etherizing our material
form, and having our material
form embodied and integrated
more with our higher self.
That's probably one of the
most important and yet less
emphasized parts of
this whole practice.
It's the fact that having the
union between our higher self
and us is essentially what
creates the regeneration.
This whole practice is
available to us 12 times a year.
Each month, when the
moon is in our sun sign
that we were born
under, we now practice
this for two and a half days.
But to be honest,
I know many mystics
that give a two-day grace period
before the moon is in their sun
sign and after the moon
is in their sun sign.
So that would be two days
before, two days after.
I've even heard of people
extending this whole practice
out into a week.
So I really want you
to make this your own
and imbue it with your
own unique participation
because now, when we get to
the part where we're looking at
and discerning what is a
high-vibrational activity
versus a low-vibrational
activity,
it's really going to be based
a lot about what you personally
feel.
But there's some things that
are really kind of obvious that
are low-vibrational
and some things that
are really kind of
obvious that are
high-vibrational, such as
low-vibrational beliefs,
or low-vibrational thoughts,
low-vibrational content,
low-vibrational food, or
low-vibrational practices,
anything that we feel
like is of a base
nature versus positive
and high-vibrational news,
and high-vibrational practices,
and high-vibrational food.
There are some things that this
practice of the sacred secretion
is very strongly
connected to, and that
is one that abstains from
sexual activity during it.
And that's a very important part
of the transmutative process.
So how did the sacred
secretion become so popular
within the spirit of this age?
It's because it is the
embodiment of healing.
When we think of the
central themes that
are core to a
spiritual awakening,
we think of regeneration
and embodiment.
This is the actual practice
that is available to all of us
for free to be able to do that.
It is spiritual awakening
in physiological form.
So by participating in this,
what we're really doing
is healing as we are awakening
and embodying our higher
self in physical form.
This is the alchemical
practice that
supports that personal
evolution to enlightenment.
By consciously activating and
ascending the sacred secretion,
you initiate an
alchemical transformation
that regenerates your
mind, body, and spirit,
awakening a divine
connection from within.
This sacred fluid, when
properly cultivated,
holds the power to
transcend your limitations
and unlock your higher self.
The transformation is real.
Step into your spiritual
power and become
the alchemist of your own life.
[MUSIC FADES]
[AUDIO LOGO]